DROPBOX CLOUD STORAGE SERVICES
This Python code allows you to upload files to your Dropbox cloud storage using your Dropbox access token.
It uses the Dropbox API to interact with your Dropbox account.

GETTING STARTED
To use this program, you must to have a Dropbox account and an access token.
You can generate an access token from the Dropbox App Console.

GO TO THE DROPBOX CONSOLE
Choose the Dropbox API option and select Full dropbox.
Give your app a name and click on Create App.
On the next page, scroll down to the OAuth 2 section and generate an access token.
Once you have your access token, you can run the Python script.

INSTALLATION
To use this code, you need to have the Dropbox Python library installed. You can install it using pip:
pip install dropbox

USAGE
To run the program, you must open the terminal and navigate to the directory where the Python script is located. Then, run the following command:
python dropbox_cloud_storage.py
The program will ask you to enter your Dropbox access token. Enter the token and press Enter.

The program will then ask you if you want to upload a file to Dropbox. If you choose to upload a file, the program will ask you for the file name and the Dropbox folder to upload the file to. The file will be uploaded to Dropbox and a success message will be displayed.
If you choose not to upload a file, the program will then end with a goodbye message.

DEPENDENCIES
This program requires the Dropbox Python library. You can install it using the following command:
pip install dropbox

CODE EXPLANATION
The code defines a class called dropbox_storage that takes your Dropbox access token as an argument.
It has a method called uploadFile that takes the local file path and the Dropbox file path as arguments, and uploads the file to Dropbox using the Dropbox API.

The main function of the code asks the user if they want to upload a file to Dropbox, and prompts them for the file name and the Dropbox folder.
It then creates an instance of the dropbox_storage class and calls its uploadFile method to upload the file to Dropbox.

CREDITS
This code was created by Christopher Tsiga. It uses the Dropbox Python library, which is developed and maintained by Dropbox, Inc.
